Update dbt.md (#7016)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/segment-app/extensions/dbt.md

1. In your Segment workspace, navigate to **Settings > Extensions**.
2. Click **Manage dbt Cloud**.

> 3. Add your dbt Cloud API key (this should be your dbt Personal Access Token ), and, optionally, a custom subdomain (by default, the subdomain is set to 'cloud'.  Your custom subdomain can be found in the url, for example https://cloud.getdbt.com/). Click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Add your dbt Cloud API key or dbt Personal Access Token and an optional custom subdomain, then click **Save**. 

> info "Add a custom subdomain" 
> By default, dbt sets the subdomain to 'cloud'. To identify your custom subdomain, open your URL and copy the portion before `.getdbt.com`. For example, if your domain was `https://subdomain.getdbt.com/`, your subdomain would be `subdomain`. 
```
